

BUGS and MISFEATURES -- CRITICAL FOR FINAL VERSION

  o Clicking on the menu after opening the options page results in 
    option page no longer working.

  o Left click on track starts MT without showing track stats.

  o Put the STATS button back

  o Some missing statistics:
	sprintf (s, "%2d/%2d", rockets_launched_success, rockets_launched);
	Fgl_write (STATS_X + (20 + 12) * 8, STATS_Y + 16, s);

  o Help screens need adjusting for new GUI (some help files missing).
    - Pbar help file should be unified
    - Mini-map help files
    - Help file for new power code

  o Help doesn't look so good after screen is resized.

  o Help gets screwed up by game-related keystrokes.
    Consider also pressing "Enter" when mouse is over a button on the 
    opening screen.

  o Remove multiplayer options from default compilation.

  o Need to compress and expand translation files and add installation hooks
    so that only desired translations get installed.

  o There still seems to be a problem with putting mutli-transport off 
    the bottom of the screen.

  o Money display in pbar does not match finance screen.

  o Need to recode animation of power.


BUGS and MISFEATURES and MISSING FEATURES -- NON-CRITICAL

  o Main screen should scroll when moving mouse outside of main window 
    during multi-transport.

  o First time for placing residence flashes help then choice screen.
    Fix by allowing choice in help screen???

  o Finish i18n.

  o Miniscreen colors could be improved.

  o Population pbar is wrong when starting new game, since game starts 
    with different number of people for random villiage and blank screen 
    this is difficult to fix.

  o xpicedit doesn't seem to work on 24 bit color machines.

  o Tech buttons are not disabled properly when loading a game with 
    lower tech level from game with higher tech level.

    GCS: I have had a few reports, but I cannot reproduce this.

  o When a tip burns up, there is no pollution at all, and the tip disappears.
    Tip should stay, should cause pollution(?).

  o Heavy Industry appears to ALWAYS have power, even if it really does not.
    Game should better distinguish between external/interally generated power.

  o Technology indicator sometimes shows both a rise and fall.  This happens
    after loading a game, old indicator remains as a ghost.

  o There is a display bug, where a small block is left when
    exiting a help page. The only happens when part of the mouse cursor is in
    the main window during the re-draw. It quicky disappears when the main
    window is scrolled or updated. This is such a minor bug, that I consider it
    best left in (I don't want to risk breaking something else at this stage),
    so this will only get fixed if there are other bugs to fix in the future.

    I've seen this display bug also happens when refreshing after 
    modal dialog boxes.

  o Need to support -display and other XWindows command line option.

  o Need to clean up write of gzipped files to use popen().

  o UNIX version should run out of current directory without needing
    to do a "make install".

  o Why don't we use a recognized file format for the splash screen?

  o Need to update dependencies in Makefile.am so that "cp" warnings go away.

  o Slight streaking in monthgraph.

  o Extra keystroke required when market checkbox is up.

  o Like to have info pages and/or printed documentation.

  o Pressing quit doesn't work before city is loaded.


CLIENT/SERVER BUGS

  o Figure out what to do with load/save/new game.

    GCS: Partly fixed.  Now you can load a game onto the server with the 
    command line.  Still need server-side autosave, server-side save 
    and client-side save.  May not need client-side load, but it might 
    be useful.  This is essentially a GUI problem.

  o No message from server to client explaining why a place_item 
    request fails.

  o Various race conditions.  For example, if player A bulldozes 
    the commune and builds the power plant, and meanwhile player B 
    bulldozes the commune, then player B might accidentally bulldoze 
    the power plant.

    Similar race condition in setting buy/sell flags for ports.

  o No report on how many seconds per year.

  o Reported prices (place/bulldoze) shown in lower left are bogus.

  o Client/server interface does not handle modal dialog boxes well.
    In particular, client "wastes time" trying to catch up with all 
    the server's queued messages.

  o Client doesn't get launch success/fail messages.

  o Client doesn't get random fires.

  o Ore mine flashes the wrong graphic when placed (client/server).
    This problem is caused by the fact that the client does not correctly 
    set the MP_INFO() bits when an item is placed.

  o Some animations incomplete (client/server)
      - Power lines
      - Substations

  o No lcserver command line parsing on Win32.  Need a copy of getopt().

  o Client joining game gets all messages for new technologies.

  o The server crashes (or worse) after being fed invalid packets.
    Similar problem exists when loading invalid save files.

  o Slow servers send out too many map update messages.  It should send 
    out at most one map update per month.

  o Sometimes client cannot resynch on messages when server message 
    buffer fills.  This happens on the SGI when you move the client 
    window with pollution mini-screen turned on.

  o Additional information is needed at game connect, such as whether 
    or not coal survey has been done.

